Keith Alexander
Adjunct Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, and Executive Director ofthe Product Development Program
keithalexander.png
Keith Alexander is Adjunct Professor and Executive Director of the Product Development Program (PDP) of the Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at the University of California
– Berkeley. The PDP is a graduate-level professional Master’s degree program whose central aim is to fill the unmet need at the national level for chemical engineering graduates who have knowledge and experience in the complex process of transforming technical innovations into commercially successful products. PDP graduates gain exposure to common product development practices in a range chemical process-intensive industries including biotechnology, consumer products, chemical products, microelectronics, and nanotechnology. The first class entered the PDP in August 2006. 
Prior to his appointment at UC Berkeley, Keith Alexander was a Senior Vice President of CH2M Hill, Inc. CH2M Hill is a $5 billion international environmental engineering and consulting firm headquartered in Englewood, Colorado. Located in the Corporate HQ office, Dr. Alexander had executive profit-and-loss responsibility for the firm’s global management and information solutions services business unit. He has had over 15 years of experience in new venture start-up, new product development, strategic planning and change management. 
Prior to coming to CH2M Hill, Dr. Alexander spent 5 years with the international management consulting firm McKinsey & Company where he served clients in several industries including chemicals, natural gas, vehicle manufacturing and food processing. He was a key contributor to the initiation and development of McKinsey’s environmental management practice. A native of the San Francisco Bay Area, Dr. Alexander holds an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, and B.S. and Ph.D. degrees in chemical engineering from UC Berkeley.