panel_name;panel_description
Science and Social Policy;Help translate research into real results by advocating improvements to healthcare, education, environmental policy, and more. 
Science Policy & Communication;Help translate research into real results by advocating improvements to healthcare, education, environmental policy, and more. Share your love of science with general audiences through writing, editing, and outreach programs. 
Non-Academic Research;Love research, but not sure the ivory tower is for you? Learn about research opportunities in think tanks, non-profits, and R&D. 
Non-Academic Research (Psych/Neuro);Love research, but not sure the ivory tower is for you? Learn about research opportunities in think tanks, non-profits, and R&D. Speakers in this panel will have a neuroscience/psychology background.  
Non-Academic Research (Biotech);Love research, but not sure the ivory tower is for you? Conduct research in the biotech industry, non-profits, and R&D. Speakers in this panel will have a bioengineering/biology background. 
Communication;Think science is awesome? Share your love of science with general audiences through writing, editing, and outreach programs. 
Careers in Education;Learn from PhDs who use their problem solving skills as secondary education teachers, to improve access to and efficacy of education through researching best practices, and creating curricula. 
Scientific Consulting;Use your research knowledge and problem-solving skills to help clients solve science problems! 
Management Consulting;Come learn about how PhDs can help companies improve their performance. 
Startups;Learn about the exciting and fast-paced environment of start-up companies.
Senior Science Management;PhDs with 10+ years of experience in industry who have transitioned to leadership or management positions. 
Technology Industry;Discover opportunities in the technology industry such as user experience, marketing, and strategy.
Data Analytics;Is big data your thing? Explore opportunities in data analytics and statistics.
Tech;Discover opportunities in the technology industry such as user experience, marketing, data analytics, and statistics.
Entrepreneurs;Do you have the next big idea? Learn how these PhDs founded new companies.

